Fix gasLimit issue for dao new (#361)
aragon/aragon-cli: Specification.md

## Gas limit

By default `web3.js` uses `web3.eth.Contract.method.myMethod().estimateGas()`, but this value can differ from the 
actual gas that will be used, if the contract you are calling depends on the blockhash, blocknumber or any other source of 
randomness making the gas cost nondeterministic.

E.g.: the [`MiniMeToken`](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-apps/blob/master/shared/minime/contracts/MiniMeToken.sol) contract which snapshots balances at certain block numbers.

Considering the above-mentioned behavior, the CLI should calculate the recommended gas limit as follows:
- `recommendedGas = estimatedGas`, if `estimatedGas > upperGasLimit` or

> - `recommendedGas = estimatedGas * LAST_BLOCK_GAS_LIMIT_FACTOR` with a maximum value of `upperGasLimit`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `recommendedGas = estimatedGas * DEFAULT_GAS_FUZZ_FACTOR` with a maximum value of `upperGasLimit`
```

> Where `upperGasLimit = latestBlock.gasLimit * LAST_BLOCK_GAS_LIMIT_FACTOR`, `LAST_BLOCK_GAS_LIMIT_FACTOR = 1.5` and `LAST_BLOCK_GAS_LIMIT_FACTOR = 0.95`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `upperGasLimit = latestBlock.gasLimit * LAST_BLOCK_GAS_LIMIT_FACTOR`, `DEFAULT_GAS_FUZZ_FACTOR = 1.5` and `LAST_BLOCK_GAS_LIMIT_FACTOR = 0.95`.
```
